This page has information about the next steps you must take to receive your benefits.
After your claim is processed, you will receive a UI Finding letter from IDES through the U.S. mail. If you have NOT received this letter after 7
Your confirmation number
is
25463298
.
Your Claimant ID
is
9354538
.


312 338 4337 

Hello BI Onboarding Team, 

I have all the evidence and IRS tax transcripts, business license and LLC establishment document etc to prove my employment as "Self-Employed",

however, 

I am a little confused by here: 

First Advantage was not able to successfully verify the former employments with Workforce Logiq. 



Do you mean that: 
1. FA couldn't connect with them??
2. Or they denied my employment at Workforce logiq??? 

I have the paystub and w-2 with them, so I can prove my employment, however, please let me know which case that falls into? 

1. FA couldn't connect with them??
2. Or they denied my employment at Workforce logiq???  

I really don't think they had denied my employment there, but could you please let me know??

Kind Regards,
Taro Serigano 







On Fri, 14 Apr 2023 at 16:31, US BI ONBOARDING <BIONBOARDING@deloitte.com> wrote:
Hello,

First Advantage was not able to successfully verify the professional license and former employments at Taro Serigano and Workforce Logiq. They will be reviewed by Deloitte Security Review team (typically 7-10 days prior to start due to volume of issues requiring resolution). They will contact you directly if additional information and/or documentation is required to finalize the verification. Please do not send this mailbox any information as we are not able to resolve the matter.     

 

The below elements are still processing (estimated completion date in second column):  

Former Employment at All Stem connections, ETA 4/17

Please be advised, your report is not complete until we initiate and verify your present employment. The present employment verification will be initiated 5 business days prior to your start date (unless you authorize this team to initiate it earlier) All other elements of your background investigation are complete and finalized.  

 

 

From: Taro Serigano <taroserigano7@gmail.com>
Sent: Thursday, April 13, 2023 3:58 PM
To: US BI ONBOARDING <BIONBOARDING@deloitte.com>
Subject: [EXT] Status Update Request

 

Hello Deloitte BI Team, 

 

Unique ID: 44209397 

 

I have received an email from FA for one of my employment couldn't be verified. I am going to send them another recruiter that had helpmed to get the job as well as W2. 

 

Could you also update me on rest of the process? Are they all good or is there any other issue? 

 

Thank you,

Taro Serigano 

This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law. If you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this message, or the taking of any action based on it, by you is strictly prohibited.

Deloitte refers to a Deloitte member firm, one of its related entities, or Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited ("DTTL"). Each Deloitte member firm is a separate legal entity and a member of DTTL. DTTL does not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more.

v.E.1